We are going to use bootstrap CSS for styling this project.
So in this video, we're going to focus on installing bootstrap and then wiring it up to our project.
Bootstrap is a global CSS file.
In other words, it contains some CSS that is meant to be applied to our entire application and all
the different pages inside of it.
The CSS files have to be wired up to Nexus in a very particular fashion.
So the code we're about to we're about to write is going to look just a little bit strange.
But trust me, it's the way that we are supposed to do it with next.
JS So let's get to it.
I'm going to find that pages directory and inside there I'm going to make a new file called Underscore
App.
JS It's very critical that you name this file identical.
Make sure you have underscore jpgs at the very top.
We are going to import bootstrap CSS.
So I'm going to write out imports bootstrap dist CSS, bootstrap dot CSS.
Now we have not installed bootstrap as an NP module just yet and this line right here is assuming that
we have.
So we are going to go back over to our terminal in just a little bit and install bootstrap.
Until we do this right here.
This import is not going to work correctly.
After that, inside this file, we're going to start to write out a little bit a strange code.
Let's just write it out and I'll tell you what it is doing.
So we're going to write out export defaults.
We're going to export a react component.
This component is going to receive a prop object that has two properties inside of it that we care about
inside of here.
So I'm going to do a little bit of structuring and pull out component and page props.
Now, as usual, it is critical that you capitalize the C on component and have identical spelling and
capitalization on page props as well.
We are then going to return.
Component.
And spread over page props.
So what's going on right here?
Well, behind the scenes, whenever you try to navigate to some distinct page with next G's, next is
going to import your component from one of these different files.
In our case, either index JS or banana JS.
Next does not just take your component and show it on the screen.
However, instead it wraps it up inside of its own custom default component, and that is referred to
inside of Nexus as the app.
What we've done here by defining this underscore as file is we have defined our own custom app component.
So whenever we try to visit our banana root inside the browser or our root root, which would show our
index component, next JS is going to import that given component and it's going to pass it into this
app component right here as this component prop.
So component right there is going to be equal to either our banana component or the index component.
And then page props are going to be the set of components that we had been intending to pass to either
banana or index.
So long story short, this thing is kind of like a thin wrapper around the component that we're trying
to show on the screen.
Why do we have to define this at all?
Well, if we ever want to include some global CSS into our project, which bootstrap is we can only
import global CSS into this app file.
It turns out that as we start to try to visit some other components or other pages, like let's say
we go to Banana Joe's or the banana route if we go to Banana Next is not going to load up or even parse
that index file.
So any CCIS we had imported inside there would be not included inside of our final HTML file.
So if we have any global CSS that must be included on every single page, it has to be imported into
this app file because this is the only file that we are guaranteed to load up every single time a user
comes to our application.
Okay, so let's save this and then remember, this is not going to work correctly until we actually
install bootstrap CSS.
So let's go over to our terminal and install it right now.
Okay.
I'm going to go into my client directory and I'll run NPM, install bootstrap.
And there we go.
Now, when we install bootstrap, remember we are adding something to our package JSON file.
Scaffold does not sync changes to that package that chase on file.
Instead, anytime scaffold detects a change to it, it's going to attempt to rebuild the image.
So if you now go back over to your window that is running scaffold, chances are you're going to see
next just trying to rebuild your client image.
It looks like mine did so right here.
So he should, in theory, be able to go back over to our browser, reload the page and see bootstrap
CSS kicking in.
So if I refresh the page, I will notice now that landing page right here is a distinctly different
font than what it was before.
So that means that bootstrap is has been successfully loaded up.
By the way, if you want to read more about this CSIS global thing and why it exists, you can take
a look at this URL right here.
I'm not going to list the whole thing out, but if you want to feel free to pause the video and we'll
give you a little bit more of a definition or an explanation of why we had to do this inside this app
file.
And you can also take a look at some documentation around that custom app component as well.
All right.
So this looks good.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
When we continue the next video, we're going to start putting together our sign up and sign in forms.